Congratulations, you're now familiar with kinematic and dynamic vehicle models.
These models along with
the actuator constraints are the foundations of model predictive control.
What we've built so far is a model that describes the future trajectory of the vehicle.
In order to develop an optimal controller,
we need to define a cost function that captures the errors we want to minimize.
The cost function will require you to use
the model to predict where the vehicle will go into the future.
The cost is actually the difference between where you want the vehicle
to go and where you predict it will go based on that model.
That's what's it's called Model Predictive Control.